tools/tidb-lightning: addresses some "special week" issues (#1535)
pingcap/docs: dev/reference/tools/tidb-lightning/monitor.md

    Counts open and closed engine files. Labels:

    - **type**:
        * `open`
        * `closed`

- **`lightning_idle_workers`** (Gauge)

    Counts idle workers. Labels:

    - **name**:

>         * `table` — number of unused `table-concurrency`, normally 0 until the end of process

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        * `table` — the remainder of `table-concurrency`, normally 0 until the end of the process
```

>         * `index` — number of unused `index-concurrency`, normally 0 until the end of process

Reviewer: ditto

>         * `region` — number of unused `region-concurrency`, normally 0 until the end of process

Reviewer: ditto

>         * `io` — number of unused `io-concurrency`, normally close to configured value (default 5), and close to 0 means the disk is too slow

Reviewer: ditto

>         * `closed-engine` — number of engines which is closed but not yet cleaned up, normally close to index + table-concurrency (default 8), and close to 0 means TiDB Lightning is faster than TiKV Importer, which will cause TiDB Lightning to stall

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        * `closed-engine` — number of engines which have been closed but not yet cleaned up, normally close to index + table-concurrency (default 8).  A value close to 0 means TiDB Lightning is faster than TiKV Importer, which might cause TiDB Lightning to stall
```

- **`lightning_kv_encoder`** (Counter)

    Counts open and closed KV encoders. KV encoders are in-memory TiDB instances that convert SQL `INSERT` statements into KV pairs. The net values need to be bounded in a healthy situation. Labels:

    - **type**:
        * `open`
        * `closed`

* **`lightning_tables`** (Counter)

>     Counts number of tables processed and their status. Labels:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Counts processed tables and their statuses. Labels:
```

>     - **state**: a table's status, indicating which phase should have been completed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **state**: the status of the table, indicating which phase should be completed
```

        * `pending` — not yet processed

>         * `written` — all data are encoded and sent

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        * `written` — all data encoded and sent
```

>         * `closed` — closed all corresponding engine files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        * `closed` — all corresponding engine files closed
```

        * `imported` — all engine files have been imported into the target cluster

>         * `altered_auto_inc` — altered the AUTO_INCREMENT ID

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        * `altered_auto_inc` — AUTO_INCREMENT ID altered
```

>         * `checksum` — performed checksum

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        * `checksum` — checksum performed 
```

>         * `analyzed` — performed statistics analysis

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        * `analyzed` — statistics analysis performed
```

- **`lightning_apply_worker_seconds`** (Histogram)

>     Bucketed histogram for the time needed to acquire an idle worker (see also the `lightning_idle_workers` gauge). Labels:

Author: I don't think there's an anchor there...
